com/example/g_fit/User.java
 com.example.g_fit.User
com/example/g_fit/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.g_fit.BuildConfig
com/example/g_fit/User2.java
 com.example.g_fit.User2
com/example/g_fit/databinding/FragmentHomeNavBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.FragmentHomeNavBinding
com/example/g_fit/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/example/g_fit/ExerciseListAdapter.java
 com.example.g_fit.ExerciseListAdapter
com/example/g_fit/HomeNavFragment.java
 com.example.g_fit.HomeNavFragment
 com.example.g_fit.HomeNavFragment$1
 com.example.g_fit.HomeNavFragment$2
 com.example.g_fit.HomeNavFragment$3
 com.example.g_fit.HomeNavFragment$4
 com.example.g_fit.HomeNavFragment$5
com/example/g_fit/OnBoardingScreen.java
 com.example.g_fit.OnBoardingScreen
 com.example.g_fit.OnBoardingScreen$1
 com.example.g_fit.OnBoardingScreen$2
 com.example.g_fit.OnBoardingScreen$3
 com.example.g_fit.OnBoardingScreen$4
com/example/g_fit/databinding/FragmentExerciseNavBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.FragmentExerciseNavBinding
com/example/g_fit/databinding/ActivityCardioExerciseBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.ActivityCardioExerciseBinding
com/example/g_fit/databinding/ActivityFullBodyWorkoutBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.ActivityFullBodyWorkoutBinding
com/example/g_fit/databinding/ActivityMeditationExerciseBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.ActivityMeditationExerciseBinding
com/example/g_fit/databinding/FragmentProfileNavBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.FragmentProfileNavBinding
com/example/g_fit/ProfileNavFragment.java
 com.example.g_fit.ProfileNavFragment
 com.example.g_fit.ProfileNavFragment$1
com/example/g_fit/GetStartedScreen.java
 com.example.g_fit.GetStartedScreen
 com.example.g_fit.GetStartedScreen$1
com/example/g_fit/ExerciseNavFragment.java
 com.example.g_fit.ExerciseNavFragment
 com.example.g_fit.ExerciseNavFragment$1
com/example/g_fit/ExerciseWithEquipments.java
 com.example.g_fit.ExerciseWithEquipments
com/example/g_fit/HomeScreen.java
 com.example.g_fit.HomeScreen
com/example/g_fit/databinding/ActivityGetStartedScreenBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.ActivityGetStartedScreenBinding
com/example/g_fit/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.g_fit.ViewPagerAdapter
com/example/g_fit/ExercisePage.java
 com.example.g_fit.ExercisePage
com/example/g_fit/MeditationExercise.java
 com.example.g_fit.MeditationExercise
 com.example.g_fit.MeditationExercise$1
com/example/g_fit/databinding/ActivityLogInScreenBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.ActivityLogInScreenBinding
com/example/g_fit/LogInScreen.java
 com.example.g_fit.LogInScreen
 com.example.g_fit.LogInScreen$1
 com.example.g_fit.LogInScreen$2
 com.example.g_fit.LogInScreen$2$1
 com.example.g_fit.LogInScreen$3
com/example/g_fit/FullBodyExercise.java
 com.example.g_fit.FullBodyExercise
com/example/g_fit/databinding/ActivitySignUpScreenBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.ActivitySignUpScreenBinding
com/example/g_fit/ExercsieWithAPartner.java
 com.example.g_fit.ExercsieWithAPartner
com/example/g_fit/SplashScreen.java
 com.example.g_fit.SplashScreen
 com.example.g_fit.SplashScreen$1
com/example/g_fit/databinding/ActivityExercisePageBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.ActivityExercisePageBinding
com/example/g_fit/CardioExercise.java
 com.example.g_fit.CardioExercise
com/example/g_fit/databinding/ActivityHomescreenBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.ActivityHomescreenBinding
com/example/g_fit/databinding/ExerciseListBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.ExerciseListBinding
com/example/g_fit/databinding/ActivityExerciseWithEquipmentsBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.ActivityExerciseWithEquipmentsBinding
com/example/g_fit/SignUpScreen.java
 com.example.g_fit.SignUpScreen
 com.example.g_fit.SignUpScreen$1
 com.example.g_fit.SignUpScreen$2
 com.example.g_fit.SignUpScreen$2$1
 com.example.g_fit.SignUpScreen$2$1$1
com/example/g_fit/databinding/SliderLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.SliderLayoutBinding
com/example/g_fit/databinding/ActivityOnBoardingScreenBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.ActivityOnBoardingScreenBinding
com/example/g_fit/databinding/ActivityExercsieWithApartnerBinding.java
 com.example.g_fit.databinding.ActivityExercsieWithApartnerBinding
